# CSE330
Arielle Rosenblatt 473567 ariellerosenblatt
Sophia Dinte 473103 sbdinte

For our creative portion, there are a couple of things we did. First, when the user goes to add an event, there is the option to add priority and share with a user. With priority, the user can input how important the event is, and then the calendar will color code that event based on the priority (darkest being the most important). With the share with a user, you can input another user's username, and that event will show up on both your calendar and theirs, and then if they go to look to see more info about the event/to edit it, they will see the date/priority/time of the event, along with who shared it with them. The events that are shared are various shades of blue based on priority, whereas the events that are solely one user are various shades of red. In addition to these, we also had a warning pop up if the user logs on and has an event scheduled for that day, so they will have to see it and not forget about the event. Also, at the bottom of the page you will see an input for a color that the user can type in. This color will change the colors of the events on the calendar (except for the events where there are multiple events in one day, as the same color for all of those events would make it seem like its just one big event, whereas it would be multiple). Under the color input is the change the background to buttons, which would allow for the user to temporarily change the background of the page, which we thought would be a nice touch as it would allow for a user to take a pretty screenshot of their calendar. 
